Just take it when you see it.
Yes, being targeted by the big scientists of the island country
Isn't this a big trouble?
I don't have time for this.
Hurricane is coming soon
Let's hurry up
You can go if you want.
Sign me the gorgeous sale agreement
Qingfeng, it's not too late for you to sign now
Wait a minute, after we completely debunk it
Your shares are worth a dollar
You robbers
10 minutes left
I'm afraid it's too late to go now.
There should be a basement there
You should be able to hide in a while
Ok then I'll stay today
See how you expose me everyone knows
There's always thunder before a hurricane.
Windy and rainy
The sea is rough
Lost sand
But look outside.
There are signs of light rain
It really is sunny.
So I bet on the enemy
He also said that there could be no hurricane at all
I only know one but not the other
How dare you get an axe in this class
Okamoto, what you just said
It's all just part of the intention
But did you know that before the hurricane
A large number of animal abnormalities may occur
This includes a lot of birds gathering to fly together
Maybe even see
Rare multiple rainbows
Of course I know.
But come up and see what animals are there
Where is the rainbow in the shade?
Live to see more rainbows
How can there be a lot of birds flying multiple rainbows?
This is complete nonsense.